imagine you are transformed into a monster
suddenly the only way to survive is eaten human
flesh if that isn't bad enough you are caught up
in the middle of an ongoing war between humans
and ghouls how would you manage to stay alive
and beat your new enemies kaneki is sitting in
a cafe enjoying his egg sandwich with a friend
of his they talk about the ghoul activity in the
neighborhood and asked themselves if they by any
chance had ever met any it is virtually impossible
to identify a ghoul with your eyes only they look
like us they dress like us and they talk like us
nothing about them stands out apart from
cannibalism of course they joke about how pretty
much everyone around them at this moment could
be one we all know where this is going both of
our characters live in ward number 20. wards are
pretty much districts that are named after numbers
there are 24 of them and while ward 1 is where
the head government is located our story plays
out in war 20 which is much farther away of course
according to this logic the most secure areas are
naturally those that are closer to ward number one
so the farther away you get from the center the
more dangerous it gets and the more likely you are
prone to any ghoul attacks this fact alone would
either convince me to board an airplane and bye
bye or at least move into one of the inner circles
especially if i plan to build a family and have a
stable life because yes i would like that i really
don't want to brief my kids every day before they
take the school bus about possible ghoul threats
of course for ghouls the opposite is the case
technically speaking if you're all about slinging
dope and crack you may too want to stay somewhere
further away from ward 1. kaneki's crush suddenly
steps into the cafe he loses it and we understand
that our boy kaneki here has to step up his game
the secretary type huh to each his own bro
he eloquently stutters his way through his
interaction making me more uncomfortable than
himself through some unknown mystery he achieves
scoring a date now to me as a spectator this is
already a pretty big red flag this is what i mean
ghouls can't be identified easily so why would
you want to meet any stranger somewhere on your
own that just seems stupid to me you can't really
shouldn't trust anyone if you like being alive
it doesn't mean you can't go on dates or meet
new people but you just must be extra cautious
and prepare safety nets ahead telling your family
and friends that you go out with someone is just
a standard baseline here having backup nearby or
functional firearms is pretty much the only way to
keep yourself safe unless of course you are a goal
denier in which case stay away from me i think it
would be great if the government cooperated with
citizens to ensure their safety when they end up
meeting strangers not running away while knowing
you're super socially awkward is something only
the bravest among us can do seriously someone give
this man a friendly pet on his shoulder that was
pretty insane i would have died to improve your
errors you must venture out and face your fears
that's just how this th*t works however can we
please not ignore that this woman is not eating
her freaking food why not isn't she hungry why did
she order something in the first place huh this is
the first big red flag that i cannot comprehend
how he could overlook that yet kaneki doesn't
seem to be aware of it so either he's a major
simp and his pp is currently hijacking his brain
or he's just clueless about ghouls in general
in my opinion if you live in a ghoul infected
area you should educate yourself you should find
out how they work so you can identify the signs
if you come across any at least in theory that
way you would have known about their aversion
to human food and this untouched plate of two
magnificent sandwiches would ring the bells
walking home in darkness might not be
the ideal way to move around either
i personally wouldn't take the risk before having
taken appropriate measures especially since
my date didn't freaking touch your food before
actually you know what chances are very high i
would pretend to receive a call from my imaginary
dying mother leave straight away dye my hair get
fake glasses and either indulge in a hikimori
lifestyle or just become a freaking hermit
turns out that the girl he went on a date is
a freaking ghoul there you go what a surprise
he gets bitten and almost eaten in the process he
doesn't stand a chance when she's about to finish
him off he is saved by random construction side
pillars raining down onto her why not right now if
you think he is safe it couldn't be farther from
the truth when he wakes up in the local hospital
he is told that he has received a bunch of new
organs transplanted from Ritsu's body which was
the secretary ghoul from before this doesn't sound
very appealing to me would you accept to receive
organs of someone who is a murderer or a rapist
let me know what you think in the comments a few
weeks pass and he eventually recovers he goes back
to school and is about to pick up his life again
he doesn't really have an alternative especially
since he is an orphan and has nobody but himself
when he is about to have lunch with
his friend this is what happens
i love how they decided to use this amazing
looking food to depict the change he goes through
he can't eat it for the love of god even if he
wanted to he just can't so there are really just
two options here either this dish is one of those
dishes that looks like it comes from heaven but
tastes like wet paper or perhaps he morphs
into a ghoul he doesn't seem to understand
what's going on at first after all it could be
brain damage that changed his sense of taste
at home he pretty much eats himself through his
complete fridge just to make sure meanwhile in the
background though the tv is on where a ghoul
specialist is having his 15 seconds of fame
he explains that to ghouls human food tastes like
foul stuff in fact everything tastes so incredibly
terrible to them they can't eat anything else
but human flesh meaning if they want to survive
they must eat humans which of course is a direct
threat to humanity and therefore a big problem
that is why the commission of counter ghoul exists
but later more to them kaneki is in trouble but
what would you do in his place if you were to
switch positions with him right now how would you
proceed i think it is safe to say that he is very
lucky not to have any immediate family members
he wouldn't be missed by anyone if he suddenly
disappeared or decided to stay low-key for the
time being which by the way i think is the best
way to go for now if this was me i would probably
take a few days off just to let that sink in i
would carefully contemplate and come to terms
with the fact that my previous life is over period
the psychological change can't be made in a day
it must be a step-by-step process anything else
would be madness believe me but our dear kaneki
here decides a slightly different tactic okay
what he does is he leaves his home walks through
shibuya licks his fingers like a freaking crazy
mother-#%"+รง and stares at young women passing by
yeah i mean why not right eventually he comes
across another ghoul who is feasting on a dead
person he learns quickly that ghouls aren't much
team players everyone has his corner and if you
invade it you better prepare to put up a fight
kaneki is safe by another ghoul turns out that
she belongs to Anteiku an organization that aids
the stranded ghouls sort of like the sole society
for spirits in bleach they have their base in war
20 and overlook the situation here they don't kill
other humans but rather pick up dead bodies at
famous suicide sites it's a pretty smart move and
probably pretty eco-friendly too kaneki ends up
there too i can't really blame him his whole life
got turned upside down and he didn't eat
anything ever since he turned into a ghoul
when he is brought to them which by the way
is in the same cafe where he first had his
egg sandwich he gets to know quite a bit of
what it means to be a ghoul for example coffee
apparently drinking coffee is the only thing
apart from human flesh that they can consume
if i were one of them i would run an underground
lab and create human coffee toffees how about that
selling ghoul candy in 2021 even though kaneki has
found this place he is not yet ready to leave his
old life behind he still goes to school how about
that jesus i guess that's what he called japanese
diligence at school he surprisingly meets the same
ghoul that has almost killed him a few days ago
instead of trying to escape he and his
friend get involved in a pretty heavy battle
it looks pretty hopeless but when kaneki sees
his friend almost being killed his real powers
awaken and for the first time in this movie i
feel like i'm actually seeing a real monster he
eventually defeats the four-eyed dude and almost
ends up eating his friend himself but before he
can start snacking on him he gets taken by Anteiku
and they bring him back to their headquarters to
be fair this is exactly the thing that happens if
you deny your real self you go crazy once he had
turned into a ghoul kaneki should have gone into
a two-week vipassana meditation retreat he would
have been the first buddhist ghoul and possibly
even the first self-development ghoultuber
at this point however after his only friend has
almost died he finally comes to terms with the
circumstances and tries to adjust his lifestyle
in my opinion this is the best time to educate
yourself you've almost been killed your friend
too you have zero idea how things work therefore
you should sit down take a pen and paper and start
listening exactly what those schools have to say
they have all the answers you may want to know of
course he doesn't but he is offered a job which i
guess is some progress i guess this is exactly
what he needs at this point he is quickly told
that being a ghoul comes along with many new
problems Anteiku is currently hiding a mother
and her daughter whose father has been killed by
the CCG a few weeks ago they aren't safe and are
in need to change their identities and escape ward
20. the CCG is actively trying to find them they
consist of human agents that have special means to
identify and kill ghouls ghouls possess something
sort of like tails or wings like we've seen before
they are called kagune and they're made of special
cells that can harden in an instant by using the
sac organ of a ghoul that forms the Kagune the
agents have found a way to manufacture weapons
called quinque with those weapons they attain
similar strength like ghouls and are very capable
in taking ghoul's heads on kaneki the ghoul
barista is having a good time at Anteiku and to be
honest it looks like a very healthy place to be at
in fact it seems to be healthier than some human
institutions at least in my opinion eventually
immature is enough so that he can finally order
his custom-made personal ken kaneki cosplay mask
yes the idea behind the gold mask is pretty simple
keep your human identity safe while being in ghoul
form it's a counter measure to prevent the CCG
to identify you i think that's pretty neat way
to prevent exposure but it wouldn't be enough for
me if i were the head of Anteiku i would franchise
this cafe having a ghoul run cafe network across
war 20 and perhaps even further would provide
us with the security and information we need to
establish a safe haven for every goal abide into
our rules instead of poke centers think in a way
of ghoul cafes members must follow two rules first
don't kill any humans and second don't let the
organization be exposed if we are able to expand
in that way there is no question that ghouls
will be able to exist with an increasing sense
of security meanwhile the CCG is planning their
next move it seems like they have identified the
woman and her daughter that are currently residing
in the cafe when he spends time with the ghoul
girl they establish a friendship she convinces
him to drop off a gift at the place where her
father has been killed i mean i like the idea of
that but i don't think this is a very good idea
they might not know how kaneki looks but seeing a
stranger wearing an eye patch at midnight dropping
something off hidden in a white tissue is pretty
suspicious pretty much everywhere in this world
how about you just wait until the next day when
the park is filled with dozens of kids screaming
around and being annoying or even better wait
until those two ghoul refugees have left this
ward first full 15 seconds later the CCG agents
appear and start digging like dogs trying to
cover their sh*t great i smell trouble they find
the possessions of that father and are able to
identify their mother wonderful burying highly
confidential items in a public park is probably
not the best way to go my friends especially when
you belong to a race that is notoriously alienated
if you are serious about your security and
well-being maybe you should burn anything capable
of blowing up your security if you for some reason
are an extremely religious ghoul you could for
example bribe a graveyard manager and establish a
tomb with a fake name on it where you can worship
the deceased i wouldn't recommend it but you know
if this is what you're into go for it the next day
when the two refugees are finally leaving this
ward it doesn't go as smooth as planned who knew
i'm grateful for Anteiku for having taken care
of them so well but how about escorting them
until they are out of reach sending them off
at your doorstep seems a little bit lazy to me
only a few minutes pass and they are indeed
attacked by two agents yes great the girl
is able to escape but her mother stays back to
fight kaneki eventually comes but doesn't join
the fight because he would be pretty useless he
hasn't learned how to fight yet in fact he has no
idea what power ghouls actually possess all they
can do is watch and again this could have been
prevented if kaneki wasn't a complete idiot the
night before in any way this is how it turned out
i really liked this character but we can't
really blame any of the involved parties here
i mean humans try to protect
themselves and ghouls try to survive
it is just the case that ghouls and humans
are natural enemies nothing can change that
as long as ghouls kill and eat humans humans
will try to prevent that the only hope i see for
ghouls to escape extinction is franchising the
killing of her didn't sit well with the others
Touka one of the Anteiku members ventures
out to pay back the debts nothing can stop
her and i really don't mind seeing a sexy ghoul
girl wearing a bunny mask murdering some humans
but to be serious for a second vengeance doesn't
solve the problem here in fact every kill will
further intensify the issues the only solution
apart from franchising Anteiku cafes across Tokyo
would be to either kill all humans and establish
complete ghoul rule or kill all ghouls and
re-establish the humans as apex or talk it out
make agreements and see if those can be upheld
kaneki is fed up so far he hasn't been much
helpful this is partly his fault so i can
completely understand his frustration i think
it's time for some action he finally decides
to get some training and what could be better
than getting hands-on combat training from toka
here are the training scenes i don't really have
much to say here but i need to say something
to fill in the void so while i'm talking
nonsense i hope you can enjoy those epic
matrix x dragon ball fight scenes that
will turn kaneki into the new apex ghoul
in one week and then when the time finally comes
and he has attained zeno's level ghoul strength
he will finally for the love
of god wear his goddamn mask
this is the moment we've all been waiting for time
to kick some ass our young ghoul kid gets tricked
into a trap which in my opinion was absolutely
predictable if you can't catch the big fish go
for the small one instead it's a sh*t move but it
does work they cut off an arm of her mother and
placed it at the same place where she was killed
making it seem like she has returned which of
course is a complete lie Touka and kaneki go for
rescue they both get involved in separate battles
kaneki is able to pull out his new attain jackie
chan moves and disables his opponent quite quickly
we get some nice slo-mo shots and finally
a very satisfying final strike of our boy
ken kaneki we all know how it feels like
to take the first bite of our favorite meal
but he takes it to another level meanwhile
Touka is fighting on a picturesque riverside
lucky girl although her opponent is much stronger
than kaneki's she's struggling quite a bit but
luckily the little ghoul girl behind awakens
her kagune and cuts off every limb of that agent
i guess a bunch of kagune is
all you need thanks for watching